more explicit moustache docs (#77051)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/faq.rst

     {{ lookup('vars', 'somevar_' ~ other_var) }}

> A sure way to know if a keyword requires ``{{ }}`` or even supports templating is using ``ansible-doc -t keyword <name>``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine if a keyword requires ``{{ }}`` or even supports templating, use ``ansible-doc -t keyword <name>``,
```
